Please tell me about your experience.
When will they come?
Are they coming here tomorrow?
What are you going to do?
When are you completing the homework?
When are you going to get married?
Are you going with them?
When are you going to leave the house?
How long are you going to stay there?
What are you going to do next?
When is your friend returning from Africa?
Will it rain today?
The robbers were wearing masks.
This coat is for protection against the wind.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Mary plays the piano.
Christmas is coming.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
She advised him to come back at once.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The river stole the gods.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Wow, does that work?
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The stranger officiates the meal.
This is a Japanese doll.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't returned it yet.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The memory we used to share is no longer clear.
I am never at home on Sundays.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
A glittering diamon =d can be beautiful.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Is it free?
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
The book is in front of the table.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Two seats were vacant.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. 
I still remember it quite vividly.
How was the math test?
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we wanted to.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I will see if the book has arrived.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
We have a lot of rain in June.
I will never be this young again. 
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make a fool of yourself.
She works two jobs.
I am happy to take your donation.
Any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Please wait outside of the house.